Welcome to the lesson.
We've covered a lot so far and we're ready to go over
more details about the blockchain as a dataset.
In this lesson, we'll talk about the blockchain dataset,
it's use cases, and how it compares to other types of datasets.
You'll explore a blockchain data and get a few more tips on how to work with in.
A lot of the data ideas we talked about earlier,
are really going to help here.
These new concepts put you on the path towards completing project too.
Where you'll create your own private blockchain.
To get you started, we've put a summary of what
we'll cover throughout the lesson down below the video.
Take a minute to look through this and get a better idea of topics we
will cover and how you'll start to apply them through the lesson.
Once you're ready, move on to the next concept. We'll see you there.